This spreadsheet has marked data for a website week card.
The purpose of this example,
we created ads and marketed them on Facebook,
Google Search, and Google Display.
You will use a formula to calculate the cost per click or CPC.
So, I'm going to go ahead and create a row with that.
I've put the formula here so you can see how I'm calculating this.
So, this will be the amount of money that we spend
on Facebook over the amount of clicks that we got.
So, we did C3 over C4,
which is the amount of money spent on the ad over the number of clicks that we got.
As you can see in this example,
Google Search and Google Display give us about a dollar of CPC.
In comparison, Facebook is more than $2.
Turns out $2 is the average CPC across all industries.
Again, under this, you want to compare your CPC rates to
your industry-specific averages to get
a better gauge of how your ad is performing on each platform.